Jazz Song Currently Stuck In My Head: You’d Be So Nice To Come Home To
Published on November 27, 2006.
Yep, it’s time for another edition of “Jazz Song Currently Stuck In My Head.”
This time, it’s “You’d Be So Nice To Come Home To.”
I heard it on Together, with Chet Baker and Paul Desmond, a couple of times before.
For some reason, though, it’s become stuck in my head now.
What I really like about the tune is the chord progression.
It sorta goes from minor to a major section, back to minor, so you can do a lot of stuff with the improvisation.
At least, I think so.
My theory’s not as good as it used to be…
Anyway, here’s the lyrics:
You’d be so nice to come to You’d be so nice by the fire While the breeze on high, sang a lullaby You’d be all that I could desire Under stars chilled by the winter Under an August moon burning above You’d be so nice You’d be paradise, to come home to and love
There seems to be a lot of people in Japan who like this song.
Perhaps because Chet Baker played it live there once upon a time?